---
title: "Fall \'21 Semester Recap"
date: 2021-10-12
draft: false
---

This project is beginning almost 2 years late, but you have to start somewhere.
I started time-tracking in late 2019, in order to see where I spent my time. Now it's just a tool to reflect,
and learn from how each quarter of the year goes.

## A return from Covid

Fall 2021 marks the return to campus for most people, and after having 2.5 semesters
of coasting through online classes, I was curious how my return would go. Combined with
it being my first official semester as a UNLV accounting student, I was very much worried
that I would not succeed.

Happily, things panned out and I was able to do well with the help of some great teachers.

## A disclaimer

A few different things that I feel should be clarified so the graphs to come will make more
sense, and you will understand some shortcomings.

* Lecture time tracking did not begin till week 9
  * I was able to add most of approximate times back in for the classes each week, as well as remove days I did not attend. This is the first semester I have tracked lecture time, I am comfortable with it not being 100% perfect.
* All numbers are in Hours.
  * Mostly a stylistic choice, as I did not like how time was displaying in the chart format. If you really want actual time lengths, multiplying the number by 1 hour will get you an accurate number (I.E. 28.3756 * 01:00:00 = 28:22:32).
* The charts are interactive!
  * Less of a disclaimer, but you can hover over the segments to get accurate numbers, and if you click on the legend at the top
  you'll be able to add/subtract datasets from displaying (and see cool animations in the process).

## Overview

Overall, the semester was very mid. The average time spent on each class lines up with what I have come to expect, about 50-60 hours. This does not tell the whole story though, the lecture time for most part was significantly less productive. In days of online classes, I was able to watch lectures at 2x speed and pause when I needed to take notes. This does not happen in person, and I found myself getting bored and losing focus many times.

The other main takeaway is the outlier, Week 13. This was the final week of the SUA project for ACC400, and I spent 9 hours just working on that. I believe this caused me to burn out, leading to less than stellar final weeks and final exam performances (minus FIN301).

{{< github "/school/f21/weeks.html" "750px" "750px">}}

## ACC 400

Accounting 400 was my least favorite class I took this semester. Much of the content was review, with the only takeaways being SUA, the public accounting speaker, and the corporate accounting speaker. I still enjoyed it, and it is always nice to review.

{{< github "/school/f21/acc400.html" "750px" "1500px">}}

## ACC 405

Managerial accounting was my favorite accounting class up to this point, but I think 405 takes that crown. The class builds on much of those same concepts, and dives even deeper in them. Siciliano's classes also never contain any surprises, so you always know what to study, one of my favorite accounting professors.

{{< github "/school/f21/acc405.html" "750px" "1500px">}}

## BUS 321

BUS 321 was somehow more annoying than ENG 407B, which is the technical writing course the computer science path has you take. The class covers many of the business soft skills, so its good to learn, but man did I struggle to stay engaged.

{{< github "/school/f21/bus321.html" "750px" "1500px">}}

## FIN 301

FIN 301 was my favorite class this semester, Professor Muradian came in everyday cause he was excited to teach, which made me excited to learn. The class is a math class at its core, so for many students who have not taken math in a while, it can be tough. With enough time doing problems, you can solve ace the tests. (although I did not get to add it to my classes ive passed with a 100%, the 99% and helping some friends pass the class was nicer in my book.)

{{< github "/school/f21/fin301.html" "750px" "1500px">}}
